# Gitdo

> He had a tremendous propensity for getting lost when driving. This was largely because of his method of “Zen” navigation, which was simply to find any car that looked as if it knew where it was going and follow it. The results were more often surprising than successful, but he felt it was worth it for the sake of the few occasions when it was both.
> - Douglas Adams, The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul


Gitdo creates a personalised to-do list based on your github profile.
It queries the github api and checks the following:
- PRs you are assigned to, that are still open and not reviewed.
- Your own PRs:
   - that are not yet reviewed
   - that have pending change requests

These are ordered by how long they are open and show a colored hours since to signal urgency.

## Installation

Download from https://github.com/dev-hartmann/gitodo

Prerequisite:
clone the repo.

There are multiple ways of using gitdo:
1. `clj -M:run-m` to run gitdo from within the project folder.
2. `clj -X:uberjar` to create a jar and run it via `java -jar gitdo.jar`
    For convience: add the .jar to your path and create an alias
3. Create an executable with graalvm/native-image: use the build.sh in bin.
4. If you are on macOS try the release. (Only testesd on intel macs, please provide feedback if you are using M1)

## Usage

On first startup, gitdo will ask you for your github username, your access token (which you need to create [here](https://github.com/settings/tokens) and if you are using an enterprise instance of github your alternative-graph-api endpoint (try url plus `/api/graphql`).
The configuration will be stored in  $HOME/gitdo.edn and can be reconfigured at will.

## Other

Pull Requests and constructive criticism always welcome!
Happy Hacking!

## License

Copyright © 2021 Ben Hartmann

_EPLv1.0 is just the default for projects generated by `clj-new`: you are not_
_required to open source this project, nor are you required to use EPLv1.0!_
_Feel free to remove or change the `LICENSE` file and remove or update this_
_section of the `README.md` file!_

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License version 1.0.
